Life was like a box of chocolates, you never know what you’re gonna get. 
Stupid is as stupid does. 
Miracles happen every day. 
Jenny and I was like peas and carrots.
Have you given any thought to your future?
You just stay away from me please.
If you are ever in trouble, don’t try to be brave, just run, just run away.
It made me look like a duck in water.
Death is just a part of life, something we’re all destined to do.
I was messed up for a long time.
I don’t know if we each have a destiny, or if we’re all just floating around accidental—like on a breeze.
Everything you see exists together in a delicate balance. 
I laugh in the face of danger. 
I’m only brave when I have to be. Being brave doesn’t mean you go looking for trouble. 
When the world turns its back on you, you turn your back on the world. 
It’s like you are back from the dead. 
You can’t change the past. 
Yes, the past can hurt. But I think you can either run from it or learn from it. 
This is my kingdom. If I don’t fight for it, who will? 
Why should I believe you? Everything you ever told me was a lie. 
I’ll make it up to you, I promise. 
Land is the only thing in the world worth working for, worth fighting for, worth dying for. Because it’s the only thing that lasts.
I wish I could be more like you.
Whatever comes, I’ll love you, just as I do now. Until I die.
I think it’s hard winning a war with words.
Sir, you’re no gentleman. And you miss are no lady.
I never give anything without expecting something in return. I always get paid.
In spite of you and me and the whole silly world going to pieces around us, I love you.
I love you more than I’ve ever loved any woman. And I’ve waited longer for you than I’ve waited for any woman. 
If I have to lie, steal, cheat or kill, as God as my witness, I’ll never be hungry again! 
Now I find myself in a world which for me is worse than death. A world in which there is no place for me.
You’re throwing away happiness with both hands. And reaching out for something that will never make you happy.
Home. I’ll go home. And I’ll think of some way to get him back. After all, tomorrow is another day.
The man who keeps running, never looking back because he dare not, out of shame.
I always rip out the last page of a book、Then it doesn't have to end、I hate endings.
The universe is big. It’s vast and complicated and ridiculous. And sometimes, very rarely, impossible things just happen and we call them miracles.
The way I see it, every life is a pile of good things and bad things. The good things don’t always soften the bad things, but vice versa, the bad things don’t always spoil the good things and make them unimportant.
Never ignore coincidence. Unless, of course, you’re busy. In which case, always ignore coincidence.
I am and always will be the optimist. The hoper of far-flung hopes and the dreamer of improbable dreams.
You don’t just give up. You don’t just let things happen. You make a stand! You say no! You have the guts to do what’s right, even when everyone else just runs away.
Bow ties are cool.
I love humans. Always seeing patterns in things that aren’t there.
